(Episode 14)
What are you doing there, Jae Chan?
Why are the lights off?
Don't turn it on.
What's wrong? You're scaring me.
They're having a barbecue party.
That's Woo Tak.
Let's drink soju next time.
(Prosecutor, Police)
Hong Joo told me everything.
I heard that you saved her life.
Please don't mention it. I did what any police officer...
would have done.
You should eat too. I'll do it. Give me the scissors.
It's okay. I'm done.
I'll take complete care of you...
until you're fully recovered.
What kind of food do you like?
I like many things.
I'll think about it and submit a report to you.
Yes, sir!
- Are you looking for something? - I don't see any perilla leaves.
Meat must be eaten with them.
Just eat lettuce. There's scallion salad too.
No, no barbecue is complete without perilla leaves.
Hold on a second.
Hey, Woo Tak.
Hey, Jae Chan. Do you happen to have perilla leaves at home?
No, I don't have any.
Then can you pick some up for us?
I can't really eat meat without perilla leaves.
Oh, of course. I can definitely pick some up for you.
Then please also get some pickled radish.
Sure, perilla leaves and pickled radish.
Got it.
Seung Won, I suddenly thought of an excerpt from a poem.
- A poem? - "You need to look from afar..."
"to see its beauty."
"You need to see it briefly to find it lovable."
"That man is like that."
There's a poem like that?
Of course not! You idiot.
Clean up. I'll be back in a bit.
That little...
Let's go together.
There's no need for two people to go buy perilla leaves.
He wants a number of things.
He asked me to pick up socks and pajamas too.
Then you have to go to that big store.
It's pretty far, isn't it?
Use my car.
I'll give you my car keys. Catch them.
All right. Thanks.
- Get in. - Okay.
Oh, it's Woo Tak.
(Han Woo Tak)
Why are you video-calling me?
I wanted to see what you bought.
Oh, that penguin is cute. Get that too.
This one?
You're so quirky. Do you like plush toys like this?
No, I just think it looks like you.
Me?
It does look like you.
Short arms and legs, wide-set eyes, and protruding lips.
Wait, Jae Chan. What's that beside you?
Can you put it on?
You mean, right here?
Yes. I need to see what it looks like to decide to buy it or not.
Ta-da.
It's cute. What do you think?
This one?
You like this better?
For goodness' sake.
Hong Joo, what's that on your left? The long thing.
This? I think it's a massage stick.
Oh, Kyung Han would love that.
His shoulders get tense when he's working.
Really? Then shall I buy one of this?
No, not the chick. I want the bear.
Hang on, would the dinosaur be better?
This one?
The dinosaur would be better. I've decided.
Get the chick.
Gosh.
No Subtitle from 00:03:59 till 00:04:33
[VIU Ver] E14 While You Were Sleeping "The Secret That Can't Be Told"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Just leave them. They're heavy. I'll carry them for you.
It's okay. I live right here.
I don't want to keep inconveniencing you.
What?
Do you think you're inconveniencing me?
Yes, I keep getting help from you without being able to repay you.
Do you hate it that much?
Yes, I do.
Oh, boy. I want to repay you for everything at once, but I can't.
What can I do? I should repay you little by little.
Can I be an exception?
- Sorry? - Don't feel...
that you have to repay me. You can be shameless with me.
Can't you do that?
Why do you want to be an exception?
Do you want to help me whenever you see me?
Do you want to protect me? Are you worried about me?
Yes.
What's with you these days?
I'm cracking jokes. Why do you keep putting a romantic spin on them?
You got me all flustered.
Just be yourself, your normal self.
After this, we'll call it even.
Sorry?
What... What are you doing now?
Did she step out?
Is she already asleep?
Hold these for me for a second.
I need to find my key.
Hurry up already.
I'm trying to find my key.
By the way, what were you trying to do in the car earlier?
Gosh. Just let it slide, will you?
I mean, something similar happened to you a while ago...
when you offered to untie my apron for me. What did I do back then?
I didn't say a word because I wanted to be considerate of your feelings.
So, you should also just...
Wasn't this what you were trying to do?
I thought this was it.
I guess I was wrong.
Well, this never happened, okay?
I must be going insane.
I keep making moves on him.
How am I going to see him tomorrow?
- You're back. - Oh, you're home.
Yes, it took you a long time.
Sorry, the traffic was bad.
Take a look at what I bought. I can get them exchanged for you.
There's no need. I like everything you bought.
What was that about? He didn't even see them.
My gosh.
Jae Chan, we have a big problem.
He took a huge dump again in the kitchen.
Really?
Gosh, Woo Bin. Did you poop?
Do you feel better now? Gosh, my baby.
- Did you drink? - No.
Did you eat? Was it good?
Was it delicious?
Gosh, you're heavy.
Jae Chan, we got it again.
What? What did we get?
That man sent us money again.
He somehow managed to find our new address.
He's been sending it to us for almost a decade now.
Can't we just spend that money now?
I'll return it to him when we find him. Where did you put the money?
I just put it on your desk. I didn't touch it.
Good.
(27 Sangkujoongangseo-ro, Hangang-gu, Unit 201, Jung Jae Chan)
(South Seoul Funeral Home)
I totally saw them going this way.
- Are you sure? - Yes.
The kid in the mourning clothes is the cop's son,
and the one wearing a baseball jacket is the bus driver's son.
- Hey. - Yes.
We don't have time to find his son.
I heard that the runaway soldier's brother is here now.
- Brother? - Brother?
That jerk got himself in trouble on his way to meet his brother.
And his brother is a cop.
- He's a cop? - Yes.
- Hey, let's go. - Okay.
It'll be better to talk to him than those boys.
Wait up!
Are you the deceased bus driver's son?
What?
Yes.
What's wrong?
Over there.
Someone is there.
Who?
Officer.
Are you the cop the reporters were...
talking about earlier?
I'm sorry.
The man who killed my dad...
is your brother?
I didn't know either.
I had no idea that my little brother would do such a thing.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
You said I have a lot of time.
You told me that I can impress my dad from now on.
You're the one who told me that.
A lot of time, my foot!
There's no future with him.
My dad is gone.
How can I impress him? How?
What are you doing there?
Mom, Jae Chan is waiting for me outside right now.
So?
Tell him that I already left for work.
All right.
Hong Joo wants me to tell you that she left for work already.
Did something happen? Did you guys fight?
No, not at all.
Hong Joo, come on out! You'll be late for work.
Mom...
Hong Joo!
Okay.
I'm sorry. I'm a bit late.
Let's go.
See you later, Mom.
All right, bye.
- Have a great day. - See you.
Are you avoiding me because of what happened yesterday?
Yesterday?
What happened yesterday?
Did I see you yesterday?
I can't remember.
Then let's just say that it never happened.
Is that what you want?
What happened?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Nothing happened yesterday. Are we good now?
Yes.
So, let's not avoid each other.
Stop disappearing whenever I'm looking for you.
Let's go.
Well, please fix it properly this time.
This is the third time this month alone.
It's moving season now, you know.
This is happening because other companies keep touching the cables.
Moving season is almost over, so it won't happen again.
You say that every time,
but it always breaks again.
Then you can just call me again.
Well... Miss.
When you receive the survey call this time,
please put in a good word for me.
I can only do that if it doesn't break again.
Shall I take that out on my way out?
Take care.
Kyung Han, when will Lieutenant Han return to work?
He said he'd be back next week.
- Really? - Yes.
Then shall we ask him if he wants to have dinner with us?
Just let him get as much rest as possible.
And you're on patrol with me.
Why do you want to have dinner with him?
That's exactly the reason.
Because I'm on patrol with you,
I at least wanted to see him for dinner.
Patrol car 592 in Sangku Division.
Report to the scene of an unnatural death.
Patrol car 592, roger that.
- What happened? - Are you okay, ma'am?
I'm... I'm a housekeeper.
When I opened the door, I saw...
What on earth happened?
My goodness.
I can't believe what I'm seeing.
The gold medalist archer, Yoo Su Kyung,
was found dead on the 21st, and newly found evidence...
revealed that she might have been murdered.
The police are openly searching for the prime suspect, Do Hak Young.
Reporter Nam Hong Joo will tell us more.
The queen of archery, Yoo Su Kyung,
was found dead at her home on the 21st.
The police stated that she died of excessive bleeding...
caused by the wound on the back of her head.
The police are speculating her death to be homicide...
because of the geometrical drawing...
found at the scene which was made with her blood.
Based on the autopsy results, the police are estimating...
the time of her death to be sometime in the morning of the 21st.
The only person who visited her home during that time frame...
was a 29-year-old internet technician, Do Hak Young.
Hence, the police has put out an APB for the suspect.
Why are you so focused? Do you know that person?
What? No, I've never seen him before.
Because of her complaints...
Ms. Yoon, I made a list of side dishes that I'm craving.
Would I be able to take some home?
I'd love to eat them at home.
My gosh, of course. I've been waiting for this list.
- Request accepted. - You're going home?
Yes, I'll be going back to work soon.
I should move back now.
- Seriously? - Seriously?
Gosh, I'm so sad. It's too bad.
Here, you should eat these too. Stir-fried pork and rolled omelet.
You're running late, Jae Chan.
Right, I'm running late.
How odd. It looks like the amount of my stuff has tripled.
I'm sure it has. Think about all the things you've asked us to buy.
And you asked for so much food too.
You said we should repay him.
For a long time. Don't forget about what happened.
I am repaying him. What more can I do?
Get in. I'll drive you.
- Thank you. - No problem at all.
Shall I open the sunroof for you?
Are you comfortable? I'm trying to drive very carefully.
It's great.
Oh, I see Cho Hee.
- Really? - Really?
Thank goodness. I was worried about her.
I know, right? I'm relieved too.
What is it?
It's nothing.
This is radish kimchi, and this one is scallion kimchi.
This is seaweed soup. I'll put it in your freezer,
- so heat it up before you eat it. - Okay.
Do you have to go to the hospital again?
No, I got the stitches removed yesterday.
Do you want to see?
Gosh, seriously. See what? Why would I want to see that?
Why do you keep doing this?
All right, I heard you.
- Shall I take a look? - No, it's okay.
- It doesn't hurt, right? - Right.
I must say, you're such a handful.
My mom wants you to come by for breakfast every day.
She just needs to put out an extra set of cutlery.
And tell me when you run out of the foods.
Okay.
Call me if you need anything. I'll come right away.
Don't worry. You've done enough for me.
- Sorry? - Thanks to you guys,
I had such a great time for the last few days.
So, let's call it even now. You guys don't owe me anything.
What are you talking about?
You're right, Jae Chan.
I neither want to boast about my injury nor resent you guys.
I'm just so glad that you're okay.
So, I don't want you to cry even for a brief moment.
Don't beat yourself up either, okay?
Wait, does that mean...
Were you at the park?
No, I saw it in my dream.
You two were agonizing yourselves at the park.
Is that why you made us do all the work for you?
Are you realizing that just now?
Gosh, that hurts my feelings.
I'd never inconvenience others for no reason.
Get in.
He bossed us around like that so that we could feel unburdened.
I had no idea.
What's that look on your face? Are you mad?
After putting us through all of that,
he made himself look cool with just one remark. Frankly, it's not fair.
He made me look like the pettiest person.
What?
Gosh, I didn't think Woo Tak could do something like this.
He has a mysterious side to him.
I'm a third-generation only son.
When I was a kid, a persimmon fell on my head.
My parents cut down all persimmon trees in the area right away.
You're right.
There's something mysterious about him.
What's your relationship with Do Hak Young?
We went to high school together,
and he was my roommate until a year and a half ago.
Did you also think that he could be the killer...
when you first heard about the incident?
Yes.
(Hong Joo)
Hello?
Are you okay? Did anything happen?
No, nothing happened. Why do you ask?
I just had a dream about you.
You remember the wanted suspect, Do Hak Young, right?
That guy barged into your place in my dream.
Why would he come to my place?
You know him, don't you?
You were pretending like you didn't know him, right?
Not at all. I really don't know him.
I don't think that dream means anything.
Did you lock your door?
You know what? You should call the police immediately, Woo Tak.
Why should I call the police when I'm a police officer?
I saw that guy grabbing and threatening you in my dream.
Okay, all right. Don't worry.
I'll make sure to lock the door, so don't worry and sleep well.
Good night.
Why are you here?
Do Hak Young.
You haven't changed the passcode.
Did I move out...
over a year ago?
This guy...
still remembers me too.
You haven't answered my question.
What brings you here?
Woo Tak.
I've become a murderer.
I saw it on the news. The police are looking for you.
Hey, I really didn't do it.
I did go into her place,
but I left as soon as I fixed her internet.
They're saying that I killed her. I really didn't do it,
but everyone is saying that I'm the killer.
Gosh, I can't believe that this is happening.
All right, you should turn yourself in first.
I'll go with you, okay?
I will turn myself in. I will, but...
Woo Tak.
You'll help me, right?
You're the most competent guy I know.
You have connections because you're a cop, and you're smart too.
That's why I'm here.
You believe me, right?
You'll be on my side, right?
If I tell you that I believe you,
will you turn yourself in?
Hak Young.
Hey, if...
If I end up becoming a murderer like this,
I'll disclose your secret to the police.
Hak Young.
You don't want that, do you?
So,
you must...
prove my innocence at all costs.
(While You Were Sleeping)